agar.gui.colors.blend_func_t:AG_BlendFn
agar.gui.colors.blend_func_t:enum ag_blend_func
agar.gui.colors.color_t:AG_Color
agar.gui.colors.color_t:struct ag_color
agar.gui.pixelformat.pixel_format_access_t:AG_PixelFormat *
agar.gui.pixelformat.pixel_format_t:AG_PixelFormat
agar.gui.point.point_t:AG_Point
agar.gui.point.point_t:struct ag_point
agar.gui.rect.rect_access_t:AG_Rect *
agar.gui.rect.rect_access_t:struct ag_rect *
agar.gui.rect.rect_t:AG_Rect
agar.gui.rect.rect_t:struct ag_rect
agar.gui.style.style_access_t:AG_Style *
agar.gui.style.style_access_t:struct ag_style *
agar.gui.style.style_t:AG_Style
agar.gui.style.style_t:struct ag_style
agar.gui.surface.surface_access_t:AG_Surface *
agar.gui.surface.surface_t:AG_Surface
agar.gui.text.font_access_t:AG_Font *
agar.gui.text.font_access_t:struct ag_font *
agar.gui.text.font_t:AG_Font
agar.gui.text.font_t:struct ag_font
agar.gui.text.font_type_t:enum ag_font_type
agar.gui.text.glyph_access_t:AG_Glyph *
agar.gui.text.glyph_access_t:struct ag_glyph *
agar.gui.text.glyph_t:AG_Glyph
agar.gui.text.glyph_t:struct ag_glyph
agar.gui.text.justify_t:enum ag_text_justify
agar.gui.text.metrics_access_t:AG_TextMetrics *
agar.gui.text.metrics_access_t:struct ag_text_metrics *
agar.gui.text.metrics_t:AG_TextMetrics
agar.gui.text.metrics_t:struct ag_text_metrics
agar.gui.text.msg_title_t:enum ag_text_msg_title
agar.gui.text.state_access_t:AG_TextState *
agar.gui.text.state_access_t:struct ag_text_state *
agar.gui.text.state_t:AG_TextState
agar.gui.text.state_t:struct ag_text_state
agar.gui.text.static_font_access_t:AG_StaticFont *
agar.gui.text.static_font_access_t:struct ag_static_font *
agar.gui.text.static_font_t:AG_StaticFont
agar.gui.text.static_font_t:struct ag_static_font
agar.gui.text.valign_t:enum ag_text_valign
agar.gui.unit.unit_t:AG_Unit
agar.gui.unit.unit_t:struct ag_unit
agar.gui.view.display_t:AG_Display
agar.gui.view.display_t:struct ag_display
agar.gui.widget.binding_access_t:AG_WidgetBinding *
agar.gui.widget.binding_access_t:struct ag_widget_binding *
agar.gui.widget.binding_t:AG_WidgetBinding
agar.gui.widget.binding_t:struct ag_widget_binding
agar.gui.widget.binding_type_t:AG_WidgetBindingType
agar.gui.widget.binding_type_t:enum ag_widget_binding_type
agar.gui.widget.box.box_access_t:AG_Box *
agar.gui.widget.box.box_access_t:struct ag_box *
agar.gui.widget.box.box_t:AG_Box
agar.gui.widget.box.box_t:struct ag_box
agar.gui.widget.box.type_t:enum ag_box_type
agar.gui.widget.button.button_access_t:AG_Button *
agar.gui.widget.button.button_access_t:struct ag_button *
agar.gui.widget.button.button_t:AG_Button
agar.gui.widget.button.button_t:struct ag_button
agar.gui.widget.checkbox.checkbox_access_t:AG_Checkbox *
agar.gui.widget.checkbox.checkbox_access_t:struct ag_checkbox *
agar.gui.widget.checkbox.checkbox_t:AG_Checkbox
agar.gui.widget.checkbox.checkbox_t:struct ag_checkbox
agar.gui.widget.class_access_t:AG_WidgetClass *
agar.gui.widget.class_access_t:struct ag_widget_class *
agar.gui.widget.class_t:AG_WidgetClass
agar.gui.widget.class_t:struct ag_widget_class
agar.gui.widget.combo.combo_access_t:AG_Combo *
agar.gui.widget.combo.combo_access_t:struct ag_combo *
agar.gui.widget.combo.combo_t:AG_Combo
agar.gui.widget.combo.combo_t:struct ag_combo
agar.gui.widget.console.console_access_t:AG_Console *
agar.gui.widget.console.console_access_t:struct ag_console *
agar.gui.widget.console.console_t:AG_Console
agar.gui.widget.console.console_t:struct ag_console
agar.gui.widget.console.line_access_t:AG_ConsoleLine *
agar.gui.widget.console.line_access_t:struct ag_console_line *
agar.gui.widget.console.line_t:AG_ConsoleLine
agar.gui.widget.console.line_t:struct ag_console_line
agar.gui.widget.editable.editable_access_t:AG_Editable *
agar.gui.widget.editable.editable_access_t:struct ag_editable *
agar.gui.widget.editable.editable_t:AG_Editable
agar.gui.widget.editable.editable_t:struct ag_editable
agar.gui.widget.editable.encoding_t:enum ag_editable_encoding
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.file_dialog_access_t:AG_FileDlg *
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.file_dialog_access_t:struct ag_file_dlg *
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.file_dialog_t:AG_FileDlg
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.file_dialog_t:struct ag_file_dlg
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.filetype_access_t:AG_FileType *
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.filetype_access_t:struct ag_file_type *
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.filetype_t:AG_FileType
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.filetype_t:struct ag_file_type
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.option_access_t:AG_FileOption *
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.option_access_t:struct ag_file_type_option *
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.option_t:AG_FileOption
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.option_t:struct ag_file_type_option
agar.gui.widget.file_dialog.option_type_t:enum ag_file_type_option_type
agar.gui.widget.flag_descr_access_t:AG_FlagDescr *
agar.gui.widget.flag_descr_access_t:struct ag_flag_descr *
agar.gui.widget.flag_descr_t:AG_FlagDescr
agar.gui.widget.flag_descr_t:struct ag_flag_descr
agar.gui.widget.label.format_func_t:AG_LabelFormatFn
agar.gui.widget.label.flag_t:struct ag_label_flag
agar.gui.widget.label.format_spec_access_t:AG_LabelFormatSpec *
agar.gui.widget.label.format_spec_access_t:struct ag_label_format_spec *
agar.gui.widget.label.format_spec_t:AG_LabelFormatSpec
agar.gui.widget.label.format_spec_t:struct ag_label_format_spec
agar.gui.widget.label.label_access_t:AG_Label *
agar.gui.widget.label.label_access_t:struct ag_label *
agar.gui.widget.label.label_t:AG_Label
agar.gui.widget.label.label_t:struct ag_label
agar.gui.widget.label.type_t:enum ag_label_type
agar.gui.widget.menu.binding_t:enum ag_menu_binding
agar.gui.widget.menu.item_access_t:AG_MenuItem *
agar.gui.widget.menu.item_access_t:struct ag_menu_item *
agar.gui.widget.menu.item_t:AG_MenuItem
agar.gui.widget.menu.item_t:struct ag_menu_item
agar.gui.widget.menu.menu_access_t:AG_Menu *
agar.gui.widget.menu.menu_access_t:struct ag_menu *
agar.gui.widget.menu.menu_t:AG_Menu
agar.gui.widget.menu.menu_t:struct ag_menu
agar.gui.widget.menu.view_access_t:AG_MenuView *
agar.gui.widget.menu.view_access_t:struct ag_menu_view *
agar.gui.widget.menu.view_t:AG_MenuView
agar.gui.widget.menu.view_t:struct ag_menu_view
agar.gui.widget.pane.pane_access_t:AG_Pane *
agar.gui.widget.pane.pane_access_t:struct ag_pane *
agar.gui.widget.pane.pane_t:AG_Pane
agar.gui.widget.pane.pane_t:struct ag_pane
agar.gui.widget.pane.type_t:enum ag_pane_type
agar.gui.widget.scrollbar.button_t:enum ag_scrollbar_button
agar.gui.widget.scrollbar.scrollbar_access_t:AG_Scrollbar *
agar.gui.widget.scrollbar.scrollbar_access_t:struct ag_scrollbar *
agar.gui.widget.scrollbar.scrollbar_t:AG_Scrollbar
agar.gui.widget.scrollbar.scrollbar_t:struct ag_scrollbar
agar.gui.widget.scrollbar.type_t:enum ag_scrollbar_type
agar.gui.widget.size_req_access_t:AG_SizeReq *
agar.gui.widget.size_req_access_t:struct ag_size_req *
agar.gui.widget.size_req_t:AG_SizeReq
agar.gui.widget.size_req_t:struct ag_size_req
agar.gui.widget.size_spec_t:enum ag_widget_sizespec
agar.gui.widget.textbox.textbox_access_t:AG_Textbox *
agar.gui.widget.textbox.textbox_access_t:struct ag_textbox *
agar.gui.widget.textbox.textbox_t:AG_Textbox
agar.gui.widget.textbox.textbox_t:struct ag_textbox
agar.gui.widget.tlist.item_access_t:AG_TlistItem *
agar.gui.widget.tlist.item_access_t:struct ag_tlist_item *
agar.gui.widget.tlist.item_t:AG_TlistItem
agar.gui.widget.tlist.item_t:struct ag_tlist_item
agar.gui.widget.tlist.popup_access_t:AG_TlistPopup *
agar.gui.widget.tlist.popup_access_t:struct ag_tlist_popup *
agar.gui.widget.tlist.popup_t:AG_TlistPopup
agar.gui.widget.tlist.popup_t:struct ag_tlist_popup
agar.gui.widget.tlist.tlist_access_t:AG_Tlist *
agar.gui.widget.tlist.tlist_access_t:struct ag_tlist *
agar.gui.widget.tlist.tlist_t:AG_Tlist
agar.gui.widget.tlist.tlist_t:struct ag_tlist
agar.gui.widget.toolbar.toolbar_access_t:AG_Toolbar *
agar.gui.widget.toolbar.toolbar_access_t:struct ag_toolbar *
agar.gui.widget.toolbar.toolbar_t:AG_Toolbar
agar.gui.widget.toolbar.toolbar_t:struct ag_toolbar
agar.gui.widget.toolbar.type_t:enum ag_toolbar_type
agar.gui.widget.widget_access_t:AG_Widget *
agar.gui.widget.widget_access_t:struct ag_widget *
agar.gui.widget.widget_t:AG_Widget
agar.gui.widget.widget_t:struct ag_widget
agar.gui.window.alignment_t:enum ag_window_alignment
agar.gui.window.close_action_t:enum ag_window_close_action
agar.gui.window.window_access_t:AG_Window *
agar.gui.window.window_access_t:struct ag_window *
agar.gui.window.window_t:AG_Window
agar.gui.window.window_t:struct ag_window
